Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ Where's the Fire? ♪
by Tim Feehan
♪ Don't take a lot to
keep me movin' ♪
♪ It's gonna take a lot
to make me stop ♪
♪ I'm racin' to
a 5-alarmer ♪
♪ Should slow down
but I just can't stop ♪
♪ Move over if you
see me comin' ♪
♪ I've got the vitus touch ♪
♪ I feel the heat inside me ♪
♪ It's not enough but
it's a little too much ♪
♪ There's somethin' out there ♪
♪ I can hear it callin' ♪
♪ I wanna hold it ♪
♪ But I'm movin'
too fast... ♪
What the hell is that?
George, who are those guys?
♪ Where is it, baby? ♪
♪ Doesn't anybody know? ♪
♪ Where's the fire? ♪
♪ It's burnin' up inside of me ♪
♪ Where is it, baby? ♪
Why'd you stop me?
What do you want?
- Well, let's just say it's pink.
- Oh, God.
Forget it, pal, no way.
I might forget it.
I'm a nice guy.
But them...
They think the title to your car
might be worth something.
I'm tweaking, dude.
All right, buddy.
Say you lose this race,
and you decide to keep going...
Kiss.
Well, when we get done with her,
I don't think you'll
want her back again.
Know what I mean?
Take care of her, fellas.
Ok!
The first one to
Dragon Fire crossing wins.
You lose the race,
you lose your car!
Ready!
Set!
Go!
♪ Secret Loser ♪
by Ozzy Osbourne
♪ Trapped in a lonely body ♪
♪ I'm losin' control ♪
♪ Can't show my emotions ♪
♪ And I'm ♪
♪ Losing my soul ♪
♪ Could it be that
I'm obsessed with ♪
♪ Feeding my disease? ♪
♪ I couldn't make it known
the hidden things ♪
♪ That no one sees ♪
♪ Yeah, loser ♪
♪ I'm a secret loser ♪
♪ Loser ♪
♪ Fighting a losing battle ♪
♪ Pretending to win ♪
♪ Repenting to holy unknowns ♪
♪ Pretending to sin ♪
♪ All I do is hide the wounds ♪
♪ Where blood just
won't congeal ♪
♪ Couldn't ever take my soul ♪
♪ 'Cause it isn't
there to steal ♪
♪ Yeah, loser ♪
♪ I'm a secret loser ♪
♪ Loser ♪
Hey, guys, she's all ours...
Nice and legal.
It's all right.
Are you ok?
All right.
I would have won.
You had to cheat to beat me...
Force me off the road.
That ain't racin'.
That's trying to murder someone.
You lost, guy.
What can I say?
Now take your girl and walk.
I think you'll find it
safer that way.
You're nothing but road pirates.
You got to cheat to win.
Let's go, George.
Skate pal, while you still
got your lips attached to your face.
Yeah, George.
Bye, George.
Bye, George!
Bye, Georgie!
All right, let's
hook up the Daytona
and get the hell out of here.
♪ Heart vs. Head ♪
by Stan Bush
♪ Whether we're right ♪
♪ Or whether we're wrong ♪
♪ It's always
the same sad old song ♪
♪ It hurts to belong ♪
♪ To somebody else ♪
♪ When somebody else
comes along ♪
♪ Something in your eyes ♪
♪ Saying let's steal away ♪
♪ But we both have
our commitments ♪
♪ Shouldn't we go instead? ♪
♪ It's just a case of hearts ♪
♪ Heart vs. Head ♪
♪ Things that we feel ♪
♪ Sometimes are better
left unsaid... ♪
Hey, is this the way
to Crawford Dam?
Uh-huh. It's...
it's a little ways up.
And then you take
the Willow River cut-off.
Thanks.
Hey, wait!
Uh, are you new in town?
Yeah.
I, uh...
Um... Hey,
I'll show you the way.
Hop on.
Ok.
I'm Jake Kesey.
I'm Keri Johnson.
Oh, great.
- I can't ride.
- Boyfriend?
No way.
Keri.
Get in.
Who's the kid?
I don't know. I was just
walking out of my house,
turned my back, and the
next second he was there.
Like magic almost.
Really?
Yeah, really.
Seemed familiar to me.
What did he want?
Nothing.
He's new in town.
You know you can get killed riding
on the back of bikes, Keri.
Excuse me?
You're mine.
And I'll do anything necessary
to keep it that way.
You think you own me... That
somehow I'm your private property.
You are. Nobody loves
you as much as I do.
It's because everybody's
scared of you.
If you're not going
to be my girl,
you're not going
to be anybody's.
Minty, give me a light.
Here you go!
Hey, bro.
Man, it's a hot one today, huh?
Look, do you mind
if I lay my towel here?
I ain't welcome over there.
Why ain't I welcome?
Or it's ok to lay here?
Take your pick.
Hey, you new in town
or something?
Got a name?
Jake.
Jake, I'm Billy Hankins.
I work over at Big Kay's
slinging burgers.
Listen, you ever need
a burger in Brooks,
you call me, ok?
Man, she's beautiful,
don't you think?
Me and her are pretty
good friends.
Well, actually she's...
She used to be tight
with my brother.
She's got real problems with that
lunatic she's with there now.
What kind of problems?
Well, Packard's
a mistake of nature...
A genetic misfire.
He's what?
Packard gets crazy jealous
if anybody even looks
at Keri cross-eyed.
You got to wear dark glasses
so he doesn't catch you at it.
That includes your brother,
I assume, right?
My brother Jamie?
The guy you were
just talking about.
He's dead.
He was murdered
up on the Willow River.
But nobody ever knew who did it.
I'm sorry, man.
I had no idea.
It's ok, bro.
♪ Smokin' in The Boys Room ♪
by Motley Crue
Look at all these girls.
Laying around on the rocks,
they hardly got any clothes on.
Jesus, boy!
This shit's got some kick.
Lot of duck butter out
at the lake today, eh, Pack.
Quiff City, here I come!
See that guy over there?
The one with Billy Hankins?
What about him?
Looks like a dork to me.
Lot of dorks going
around these days.
Whole town
is seething with them.
They're crawling
out of the woodwork.
- Shut up.
- Ok.
Drives that motorbike
over there.
You see him or Billy around Keri,
I wanna know about it.
Oh, shit, Pack, I'd rather
be working on the car...
We do things my way, Skank,
and it's a lot of fun.
I know that's easy
for you to forget
with your brain turning
to mush and all.
Actually, my brain's
functioning a-ok, dude.
So let's just do things
my way, huh?
Before I have to cut another ringhole
in this flap you call your ear.
Hey, we'll remind
the cock-stacker.
We'll use our influence,
hey, Gut?
We'll use our influence.
- Remember, the kid on the bike.
- You got it, Pack.
It's all programmed in, man.
Good.
And, Skank...
Do me a favor, will you?
Get rid of that zombie
piss you're drinking
before it turns you
into a mushroom.
No problem.
Yeah, right.
Ah, damn.
Mushroom.
It's a nice day, huh?
This water's a bit chilly
for my taste.
Good thing it's warm out.
Sorry about the ride
this morning.
It's ok.
Billy Hankins a friend of yours?
Yeah, sort of.
Keri!
I'd better go now.
Don't go because of me.
Not because of you.
It's because of him.
You don't know him.
Keri!
You know, if you want
to come by some night...
Yeah?
I mean after work.
I'll be there.
- Well, so will I then.
- Ok.
The thing is, where's work?
Big Kay's Burgers.
- Big Kay's Burgers?
- Yeah.
- All right.
- Ok.
♪ Addicted to Love ♪
by Robert Palmer
♪ Your lights are on ♪
♪ But you're not home ♪
♪ Your mind ♪
♪ Is not your own ♪
♪ Your heart sweats ♪
♪ Your body shakes ♪
♪ Another kiss ♪
♪ Is all you need! ♪
I need one cheese, 2 Big Kays...
I got a cowboy out there
wants 2 burgers, rare.
And I mean rare!
Honey, You'll have it so rare that
a good veterinarian will have them
back on their feet
in 10 minutes!
♪ You're gonna have to face it ♪
♪ You're addicted to love ♪
You coming?
Sure.
Good. This thing
runs best
when I have a good navigator.
That is if I can get
the beast to start.
Come on, you goof.
Hey, it's the fumes
off the grill, Keri.
It hurts my mind.
Ah, come on!
Oh, God, it's him.
Hurry up.
I'm tryin'. Tryin'!
Hurry up!
Uhh!
Oh, man.
Hello, Keri.
Looks like I got here
just in time.
You...
In the car.
I mean now.
Hey, listen, Pack, I was
just on my way out, too.
Hold your horses, guy.
Packard, please.
Just get in the car
for a minute.
I just want to speak
to Billy alone.
Help her out.
So what happened here?
Looks to me like you ran out of those
all-beef patties kind of early today, huh?
Hey, don't worry, Pack.
We still got plenty of dog food.
Hey, Packard, let's
grind up some meat, huh?
Is he just a
naturally gifted child?
I swear to God.
I'll rip your head off...
Hold your water, Oggie.
This is business.
Nothing personal, guy.
That's a nice car you have here.
Now where were you going
with my girl?
I was just giving her a ride home, man.
Give me a break.
Hey, Rughead...
What's this Triumph worth?
You're not getting it, Packard!
You're not taking it.
Who said anything
about taking it?
I didn't say nothing.
I know I didn't.
I tell you what.
I'm going to give you the same
chance I give everybody else.
We're gonna race for it.
Look, Pack,
you don't get my car.
And if you're not nice
you're not going to get your burgers
with the Mayo and Thousand
Island the way you love 'em.
Billy, I thought
you understood me.
This isn't a negotiation.
Rugs...
You ever seen
one of those before?
Nah, let's just add it
to our collection first.
We can figure out
what it is second.
We'll continue this
discussion later,
and I'll enjoy it.
I'll see you later, eh, faggot?
Hey, Packard, I think
he's going to Sandy Bar.
Let me take him this time!
All right, it's your turn, dude.
Let's go!
All right!
All right, I want you
to tear this guy a new asshole.
Do it to him Oggie-style.
I'll burn this iranian.
Ok, the first to
Rattler's crossing wins!
You lose the race,
you lose your car.
Agreed?
Stay on your side
of the road, man.
Ok, let's get it on!
Send them off!
Say what?
I said send them off!
Take the Willow River
cut-off.
Ready!
Set!
Go!
Uh, Roger that,
Murphy.
Paramedics have been notified,
they are on their way.
- You think he made it?
- You gotta be kidding me.
- Local kid?
- He used to be.
Call the meat wagon,
then get a hold of Loomis,
tell him we got a possible
D.O.A. up here.
Loomis, we got
a snuffed kid up here
at Muletail Coulee.
It's Oggie Fisher.
Uh, Roger that,
this is Stokes, Murphy.
We, uh, just saw a paramedic
down at the cut-off...
I've been waiting to catch
you guys in the act.
I've been waiting and watching.
Congratulations.
You caught us talking.
There's no law against
that, is there, officer?
Unless, of course,
I got my wires crossed
and you caught us
speaking without a per...
Clam it, wise guy!
There's a dead kid
3 Miles up the highway.
Yeah, that's right. Dead.
Run off the highway and killed.
Ok, pal.
Time to drain the drug overdose
sloshing above your eyebrows
and tell me who the dude was
driving that other car.
With all due respect, sir...
If you're putting us
under arrest,
I do believe we have
right to counsel.
What about you, maggot, huh?
You got anything to say,
or are your veins bloated
with brain eradicator, too?
Yeah, well, who got killed?
Oggie Fisher.
And there isn't enough left of him
to stick it in a cigar box
Hey, Loomis, I think
you ought to see this!
Oh, Murphy, what for?
I think you should see this.
Oh, that's ugly.
Kid ought to be dog meat.
Wait a minute.
Yeah, Loomis,
this kid smashed down a canyon
through fire and bustin' glass.
Must have been
1,000 degrees in that car.
Uh-huh. At least.
Where's his eyes?
Sent cats climbing up my spine
when I saw them
hauling this corpse
out of that canyon.
Clean, as if he come
out of a hot tub.
I'm worried, Loomis.
Something ain't right.
Well...
Get him into town
and box him up.
I've still got a few rocks
to turn over up here.
All right, load him up.
You don't even want to know
what I just saw, asswipe.
Now spill it. Who was
driving that other car?
Nobody ever saw it before.
Wasn't a local car.
It was...
it was customized or something.
Yeah, it was like
a V-Dub conversion
and a surf-rack on top.
Oh, it was awesome, man.
Well, no one seems
to be too broken up
about Mr. Fisher
laying there,
splayed out to 4 points
of the compass.
But, then again,
maybe that's what things
have come down to, huh?
Deputy Halifax over there
is gonna take down
a list of names for me,
so if any of you guys
are planning on
taking a vacation
in the next few days,
you can just forget it.
I'll be visiting you
again with warrants,
Mr. Attorney.
Ok, Halifax, they're all yours.
Oggie Fisher.
They got us all.
Let's cruise.
Yo, Gutterboy!
What, Skank?
Let's jam.
Yo, Rugs.
That kid in the Daytona
gave me a hell
of a run last night.
If I hadn't tried to kill him,
he might beat me.
When's the new injection
plant going to be ready?
Tonight, maybe?
Maybe tomorrow.
The digital radio killers,
they're almost ready, too.
Good. The sooner
the better.
Things are getting a little
too equal these days.
Sure, Packard.
Hey. Hey!
What seems to be the problem?
I just can't believe
that Oggie's dead.
I mean, he lived just
up the street from me.
I just can't believe it.
Oggie's no loss, believe me.
Now, tell me something.
What were you doing with
Billy Hankins today?
I was tired.
I decided to go home.
Don't lie to me.
I love you too much
for you to lie.
I'm not lying, Packard.
You and me...
We're like blood brothers.
I guess you could call us
blood lovers...
Because that's how
much I love you.
And when you love someone
as much as I love you,
after a while, you feel nothing.
And when you feel nothing,
you can do anything.
I don't love you.
I've never made love to you.
I never will.
You will.
Hey, Rug.
How we doing
on the digital radio killer?
It's tits, man.
It's totally functional.
Yeah, what about
the injection plant?
Oh, it's ready.
It's ready?
It'll blow away anything
this side of the Mississippi.
Good. Now all
we have to do
is fit it in the 'Vette.
I can fit this thing
in a Go-Cart,
what are you worried about?
When this thing
gonna be chopped?
Tomorrow morn... morning.
Tonight.
You got that, Gutterboy?
Yeah, ok.
What about those, uh...
Yeah, Packard, I got
those elbow parts
sold to the Nagoles boys
for 2,900 bucks.
Yeah, that old guy was
pretty pissed off.
Look, guy...
Loomis is out there
looking to bust everyone.
I mean, losing Oggie
ain't no big deal,
and that's a hell
of a car you got there.
Buddy, I'd put that kidney
buster down if I was you.
This place is filled with
ether and acetylene, dig?
No!
Hey!
I don't know what
your problem is, guy, but...
Hey!
I'm out of here!
Keep going, man!
Holy shit!
No!
Where'd he go?
Skank, you pussy!
- Skank!
- Yeah?
Who is that guy?
I don't know, but whoever he was,
he's weird and pissed off.
- Red?
- Yeah?
Loomis here.
Hey, Loomis.
This is a real strange
place you got here.
Really unique in its
depressing qualities, huh?
- What do you need?
Bingo.
You got a couple of
cockroaches working here.
I need a word with them.
My nephew Skank
and his pal Gutterboy?
Over there.
Thanks.
Cleared for take off.
Morning, fellas.
Yo, Skank!
This is a nice place
you got out here.
Skank, a little help here?
Been working here long?
Man, I smell a cop!
- Do you smell a cop?
- I smell French fries, Skank.
But that don't make
no sense, huh?
Bud, you got a warrant?
I don't need a warrant
when I have this badge.
But we know our constipational rights, sir.
You can't just come in here and...
Oh, wow!
I got this problem, fellas.
Oggie Fisher, your buddy
who got greased?
I want to know who was
driving the car
that ran him into Kingdome come.
Nobody's seen
that guy before, it's...
you hit me in the head
again, Skank.
I'm telling ya...
ok.
I can't remember dog squeeze
when it comes to getting
run off of roads there, Loomis.
I can see why, Skank.
I can call you Skank, can't I?
Yeah, unless you
like Maurice better.
Well, you listen good, Skank.
I know it's gonna be hard with
your melon on chemical overload.
But there's a killer out there,
and I'm gonna track
the hair ball down,
so when you 2 craterheads
get finished mining
for nose gold,
and you get a relapse of memory,
you let me know, huh?
I'm just a phone call away.
We ain't got no
telephone, Skank.
A little Hydropump?
No!
Here you go.
Oh, thank you, Lisa.
No charge for the sarge.
I'm a lieutenant, you know.
♪ I looked away ♪
What is this?
♪ Did not know how to say ♪
♪ How it feels to be alone ♪
♪ Never known ♪
♪ How it feels to love no one ♪
♪ I've come undone ♪
♪ Come undone ♪
All units, this is Loomis.
I'm at Big Kay's.
I want everyone
to stand by, over.
I got an order up
for Mr. Bucky.
So where is he, tuna can?
Dude, we couldn't find
the slimeball anywhere.
Yeah, we went across town,
down to Crawford's Gulley,
and we stopped for
a box of Goobers...
You guys are pissing me off.
I want that faggot.
Yeah, this freak's into us
for about 13,000 bucks.
We spent all last night
banging on the 2 bodies.
I got scabs on my knuckles
and everything like that.
It's your damn job, Gutterboy.
What does he got with us?
What he's got is
an ass full of trouble.
Yeah, its about time we got
into somebody's ass, huh, guys?
Yeah, we'll beat him like
a red-head stepchild.
I'm gonna knock his ass
lower than whale shit.
Where does he go?
I don't know.
But I'm gonna find
that son of a bitch.
Hey, Keri, I'll pick
you up later tonight,
so do yourself a favor
and be here!
He's on Lookout
Mountain Road, let's go!
Whoo!
All right!
We got action heading out.
I'll keep radio contact.
♪ Those were the days ♪
Stokes,
you in position, over?
Affirmative, sir, over.
Murphy, are you out there ready?
Affirmative, sir.
There he is!
I'd say it's about time
we give that yellow ass bastard
a taste of his own medicine.
Skank, why is it you continue
to question my authority?
Come on, man.
You got a big audience
with Rughead over there, man.
It'd be first degree murder.
You're right.
Hey, hey, it's my turn!
I'll teach that bastard a lesson
for what he done
to Oggie and our cars.
Hey, you gotta raise your hood!
We got a digital
radio killer now!
You try to run, we zap
your electrical system!
Oh, my God!
What's wrong?
Put it on!
Packard!
Get a load of this!
Connect the son of
a bitch, and let's go!
Ok.
First one to Dragon
Fire crossing wins.
You lose, you lose your car.
You got that?
This one's for Oggie,
huh, sucker?
Ready!
Set!
Rughead, get them off!
Ah, shit, go!
♪ Never Surrender ♪
by Lion
♪ A hungry heart ♪
♪ Keeps me going stronger ♪
♪ It gives me strength ♪
♪ When things are
going all wrong ♪
♪ All my life ♪
♪ I've been searching
for something ♪
♪ Like a thief in the night ♪
♪ I got nowhere to run ♪
♪ But I'll never surrender ♪
♪ No, I'll never give it up ♪
♪ Without a fight ♪
♪ I made a vow ♪
♪ A vow to never stop ♪
♪ To keep the faith ♪
♪ And take it right to the top ♪
♪ All the way ♪
♪ That's the only way to go ♪
♪ Won't ever give up the fight ♪
♪ 'Cause I'd die just to show ♪
♪ That I'll never surrender ♪
♪ No, I'll never give it up ♪
♪ Without a fight ♪
♪ And I'll always remember ♪
♪ How it feels to have to
bring your dream to life ♪
Aah!
Loomis,
we're still in pursuit
heading northbound
on Dragon Fire crossing.
We're coming in at you
at about 100 miles an hour.
Roger that, Murphy,
Halifax has 3 units
just over the bridge.
Let's run him right into it.
Stand by.
Watch your speed!
Slow it down, Murphy!
Let him go.
Roger. I got you.
All right, we got him now.
Got the back door, over.
We have him trapped, men.
Give him a few seconds,
and he'll realize it, too.
He's going!
He's gone!
Let's go!
All units, this is Loomis.
Head him off at Desert
Highway intersect.
Roger, Loomis, we copy.
He's going
like a bat out of hell.
You see that?
War of the worlds.
Has begun right here
in Arizona, folks.
You got some imagination.
Working at Big Kay
stimulates the brain.
- Need a ride?
- Nah.
Good. I'd like to live to see
my next birthday, anyway.
I'll see ya.
God, you scared me!
This thing's quiet.
Hop on.
Lucky I came when I did.
Yeah, I noticed you got a knack
for doing that.
There goes the dork.
There's the dork with Keri!
No shit!
Let's do it.
He ain't no match
for the 'Cuda, boy.
Hold on!
I think you're going
a little fast.
We can't fit
through there, Skank!
Aah!
You got the... Aah!
He's heading toward
the park, Skank.
Yeah? What do you say
we run this little bastard down
and make his teeth bleed, eh?
What about the girl, Skank?
Just grab the shotgun,
Mama Luka!
I don't know nothin'
'bout no shotgun!
Just grab the God damn gun, man.
Gun? Oh, Skank!
I won't mess with the shotgun.
Grab it!
Load it, man!
Load it!
What are you doing?
Where's the bullets?
Where are the bullets?
I got the bullets!
Well, load it, man!
Come on, hurry.
I'm trying!
Shoot his tires out, fool!
Pull the trigger with
your finger, God damn it!
Pull it!
Nice shot!
You blew the God damn
steering out!
Thanks, Gutterboy.
Kiss your ass good-bye.
Oh, shit!
I... I tried
to warn you, Skank.
I said, "do we have
to drive so fast?"
And use a gun?"
I can't shoot no gun!
Shut up, Gutterboy!
I gotta think, man!
Oh!
It's what I do best.
That's right, Skanko.
That's what you do best.
Packard told us to keep
an eye on his girl.
Jesus, this shit's
got some kick.
Well, we almost killed his girl!
We're dead meat now, Skank!
You listen to me.
Now, she's never
gonna fink, man.
The bitch was with that dork,
and she's as scared of
Packard as anybody.
You hear me?
Now, we done what we was told.
Too bad about the 'Cuda, Skank.
It was a tits car.
Jesus, this shit's
got some kick!
♪ You feel defeated ♪
♪ But you're acting proud ♪
♪ Would you try to hide? ♪
♪ She doesn't care
how you're comin' on ♪
♪ You know all that matters ♪
♪ Is that your love is strong ♪
♪ It's a matter of the heart ♪
♪ It's a matter of the soul ♪
♪ You know a good love
only starts ♪
♪ When you start
to lose control ♪
♪ If she's calling out
your name ♪
♪ And she needs you
in the night ♪
♪ You gotta run
into the flames... ♪
It's been a while.
Nice.
♪ You've got to take her
in your arms ♪
♪ And let her know... ♪
Look, Jake. If Packard
knew I was here with you...
I mean, people are afraid
of him for a reason.
People are afraid
because guys like Packard
prey on fear and weakness.
Well, I just think he's crazy.
♪ All the tales you told ♪
♪ Ready to believe... ♪
Try and be brave
against Packard,
and he might kill you.
Or he might let you go.
Courage isn't easy to come by.
Those goons with him
all the time.
They're just scared.
So am I.
Keri, listen.
There's gonna come a time
when you'll have
to take a stand.
That's when you'll
free yourself of him.
No sooner.
I want to believe you.
I really do.
Good night.
Hey, Keri.
There's a place in
the Willow River...
if you wanna to go up there
with me tomorrow...
You like living
dangerously, don't you?
You wanna go?
Yes, I do.
Good night.
Night.
♪ You gotta run
into the flames ♪
♪ Till you're blinded
by the light ♪
♪ You've got to take her
in your arms ♪
♪ And let her know ♪
♪ She'll always be your spark ♪
♪ It's the fundamental art ♪
No way.
Hey, asshole, come here.
Come here.
Skank, you look like shit.
Why are you walking?
Had a little problem
with the 'Cuda, Packard.
Kid on a bike just came by here.
You see him?
Not a motorbike with Keri
on it or nothin', Pack...
You're pissing me off.
Get in.
Holy shit!
It's that kid!
What the hell's going on here, Pack?
You ok?
Kill him.
What?
Where the hell is he?
Right there.
Do it!
Eat hot lead,
crud-sucker!
What the hell
is that thing, man?
He did something to the damn gun!
He ain't no human, Pack!
Bullshit!
He's a kid!
Just a kid.
Hey, chickenshit,
come on out of there!
- Let's get the hell out of here.
- I heard that.
Loomis, what the hell
are you doing here?
You got a minute?
You gotta be out of your mind,
barging in here like this.
I got this problem...
Downtown.
I'm not going anywhere, guy.
This is a warrant
I got here, cockroach,
now move!
On your feet, buddy, now!
Ooh, that sounds important.
You all right?
Yeah, I'm all right.
See you in the squad car.
Thanks.
♪ The wind ♪
♪ Blows nobody right ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ But you make it hard ♪
♪ To say good night ♪
♪ When you think there's
no one there for you ♪
The water's nice once
you get used to it.
♪ I'm coming ♪
It's nice just
being here with you.
♪ Only one thing you can do ♪
- Want to know something?
- What?
I couldn't sleep
at all last night.
I had strange dreams.
What kind of dreams?
I dreamed that the man in the
moon was laughing at me.
He tends to laugh all the time.
Did you ever notice that?
Then I was headed east
on the back of a motorcycle,
and the driver
was Jamie Hankins.
What's strange is
that Jamie's dead.
Yeah, I know.
Billy told me.
You know,
Jamie was a lot like you.
That could account
for the dream, I guess.
I like you.
Oh, no!
I love you.
♪ Oh, I saw you ♪
♪ Standing on the street ♪
♪ Something changed ♪
♪ I could almost see the heat ♪
♪ And you caught me
with your eyes ♪
♪ Feel it inside ♪
♪ Couldn't leave you
if I tried ♪
♪ Hold on ♪
♪ Blue eyes, hold on ♪
♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪
♪ Trouble comes ♪
♪ And then it's gone ♪
♪ Hold on, blue eyes ♪
Sheriff's office.
It's Murphy.
He's at home.
Tell him
I'll call him back.
He'll call you right back.
Ain't you got any
air in this joint?
And your friend Minty?
Well, he was maggot pie
before the car exploded.
Excuse me.
Um, is it true that his eyeballs
was all sucked out of his
sockets and everything?
Yeah.
It was just like Oggie,
not a mark on him.
We pulled the poor bastard
from the fire
cold in his own sauce.
Almost gives me the willies
just talking about it.
So, before I nail
you bastards to the wall,
I'm gonna give you
a chance to cooperate.
We'll do anything.
Hey!
Shut up!
Look, Loomis,
we ain't done nothing illegal
except maybe bust a speed limit,
so why don't you
give us all a break
and let us get the
hell out of here?
You listen to me,
you son of a bitch,
there's a kid out there
using his car to kill people,
not that it's such a big deal
since it seems to be your gang
he's got it in for.
So, if you guys
try to take the law
into your own hands,
and that killer turns up dead,
I'm gonna see you
all sniffing cyanide...
In the Arizona gas chamber.
Do you read?
Here we are.
- I'll stop by and pick you up later.
- Ok.
Today was the nicest day
I've had in a long time.
I thought so, too.
I'll see you.
Bye.
♪ Rebel Yell ♪
by Billy Idol
♪ Last night a little dancer ♪
♪ Came dancin' to my door ♪
Hey, genius, take care.
Maurice!
♪ She said come on, baby ♪
♪ Got a license for love ♪
♪ And if it expires... ♪
So where are you going?
Take care of some business.
♪ In the midnight hour ♪
♪ She cried more,
more, more... ♪
That woman of his ain't
made our lives easy,
you know what I mean, Gutterboy?
That's the truth.
♪ In the midnight hour ♪
♪ More, more, more ♪
What are you guys doing?
We're gonna go screw around.
Why, you want to come?
You going on a vacation
or something?
I'm taking my blueprints,
and I'm leaving!
Yeah, what for?
This gang thing was ok
when we had the edge,
but now that there's
that wraith out there
that killed Oggie...
A what out there, man?
A wraith, man!
A ghost!
An evil spirit,
and it ain't cool!
I don't know,
except I'm quitting.
And if I was you guys,
I'd quit, too.
Well, I ain't got no beef
Yeah, he's just a damn kid, man!
Packard said so.
I'm leaving!
Too bad!
Slosh this pig with 15, bud.
Let's go cruise.
Scare up some poozle some place.
You got it, Skanko,
'cause I'm
a 4-day virgin.
Rughead must have
forgot something.
Kind of a mess now,
don't you think?
The Gutterboy and Skank...
They were... they were
right there.
And it's like they vaporized!
They were adiosed
by the kid in the Turbo.
I warned 'em!
What are you trying to say, boy?
That Skank and Gutterboy
were in there
when the place blew.
I know it seems impossible.
I didn't know they had
a kid in the car.
I didn't know
it was Jamie Hankins
till he came up missing.
So, what you're telling me
is that Packard and the others
killed Jamie Hankins?
Jamie Hankins was
here the other night
with a shotgun!
A dead kid with a shotgun?
I seen his eyes, Loomis.
I seen his eyes...
And I got a real bad feeling.
Bad feelings don't add up
to resurrections, buddy.
If it was Jamie Hankins,
why'd they kill him off
in the first place?
I've been too scared
to say nothin'.
Packard hated Jamie.
Packard hates everybody.
He hates me.
I don't wanna get killed
over something I had
nothing to do with.
Not now.
You go on home now and...
You stay there till you
hear from me, eh?
Hey, Billy.
Ok, I want 2 dogs.
I want 3, uh, onion rings.
Yeah, 3 orders of onion rings,
and 2 hamburgers, no cheese.
And 2 malteds, vanilla
and chocolate, ok?
How you doing, kid?
I'm Officer Loomis.
Can I have a word with you?
What do you need?
I'm swamped.
I need some information...
About your brother.
That's easy.
He's dead.
Order up!
Yeah, I know.
But, um... His body
never turned up,
and now I've got
4 dead kids in one week.
4?
I thought it was 2.
Skank and Gutterboy
got lunched
out at the warehouse.
I figure Packard Walsh is next.
I'll shake the hand
of the guys who does it.
Order up!
It might be, um...
Impossible.
Did your, uh...
Brother have a girl?
Well, the night he was killed,
he was with Keri Johnson.
Somebody busted in
and smashed her head.
She woke up the next day
on a deserted highway somewhere
wrapped in a navajo blanket.
Does she have any idea
who did it?
Uh, drifters maybe?
Maybe smugglers?
Maybe Packard Walsh?
Who knows?
She never knew who did it,
or she would have said so.
Keri Johnson, huh?
I need some more relish
over here.
Thanks.
Order up.
Hey, uh, officer?
What's my brother have
to do with 4 dead guys?
I mean, what's the connection?
That's what I'm gonna find out.
♪ Young love ♪
♪ Burnin' up the night,
controlling all emotion ♪
♪ Young love ♪
♪ Keepin' the streets
in a constant commotion ♪
♪ Young love ♪
♪ Hot love... ♪
Keri.
Now just is not the time
to confront Packard.
Well, if you don't say something
soon, you're gonna be his prisoner
for a long time.
Who are you?
Ask Packard.
Packard?
He knows why I'm here.
See, I've come
a long ways for you.
My time is just about over.
♪ Young love ♪
♪ Burnin' up the night,
controlling all emotions ♪
♪ Young love ♪
♪ Keepin' the streets
in a constant commotion ♪
♪ Commotion ♪
Got an order up for Gabrielle.
There you go.
Here you go.
Anything else?
Yeah, could I have a...
I can't talk now, Packard,
I'm busy.
The past couple of days.
You've been real busy.
Would you get out
of here? I have to work.
Nope.
What are you doing?
Packard, stop it!
What are you doing? Stop it!
Get in the car.
Packard, what the hell
are you doing, man?
Get out of my face, burger boy or
you'll wind up dead like your brother.
Billy.
You bastard chickenshits!
You let him take her!
So where are we going?
Somewhere no one
will ever find us.
Where's that, Packard?
West.
California.
To Santa Barbara
or some place like that.
I'm not going.
Yes, you are, Keri.
Remember that night when you guys
found me with Jamie Hankins?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Well, think.
When you broke in and
we had just finished doing it.
So it was you.
Yeah.
I was always with Jamie.
I never made
any promises to you.
You're mine, that's it.
You think I'd go
to California with you?
I'd rather go to Nogales,
have the Gutterboy's
cretin children,
and die than to be with you.
You better shut up now,
Keri, or I gonna have...
Yeah, you can
kill me, too, Packard,
but you can never
make me love you.
Packard, you're pathetic.
You wanna race?
'Cause I'll show you a race!
We'll finish this later.
We got 'em, Loomis.
We're in pursuit, over.
All units, we're on Diamondback.
Request all addition units
in the vicinity.
We have a suspect heading
westbound on Ridge Road.
Dispatch, we're
in high-speed pursuit
of silver Corvette,
red trim and that black Turbo.
Uh, Roger, unit 64,
give us your location
again. Go ahead.
Come in, Loomis.
North on Diamondback Road.
Uh, Roger that, 16.
North on Diamondback.
Oh, shit!
My God.
Just like all the others.
Loomis, there's only
one body here.
Cover him up.
You want us to set up
a new road block?
We could still catch the bugger.
Got guys waiting...
Forget it, Murphy.
Roadblocks won't stop
something that can't be stopped.
Loomis, what are you saying?
I'm saying it's over.
There's nobody left
in Packard's gang to kill.
Let's clean this mess up
and get the hell out of here.
I can't do that again.
Jake.
You know who I am.
Jamie.
It's as close as I could
come to who I once was.
It's close enough.
Just think of this
as a second chance.
We were meant to be
together, Keri.
Look, I got one
more thing to do.
Don't leave me again.
Don't worry.
I'll be back.
It's a short trip.
Pack light.
Come on, Packard!
Relax.
You scared me, man!
I'm sorry, man.
It's been a heavy day already.
I can see that.
It's time for me
to hit the road.
My business here is finished.
Before I do,
I want you to have something.
She's yours now.
Who's mine?
It's outside.
Turbo Interceptor.
The only one in existence.
Does very special things.
Take care of it, will you?
Who are you, bro?
You said it, Billy.
I gotta go.
Hey, man, wait a minute!
Where you going?
Where you going?!
The instructions are in
the glove compartment!
Wait a minute!
Come back!
Come back, bro!
Hey, man, far out.
Hey, Jake! Who are you?
It couldn't have been.
Jake!
Jamie!
♪ Where's the Fire? ♪
by Tim Feehan
♪ Don't take a lot
to keep me movin' ♪
♪ It's gonna take
a lot to make me stop ♪
♪ I'm racin'
to a 5-alarmer ♪
♪ Should slow down,
but I just can't stop ♪
♪ Move over
if you see me comin' ♪
♪ I've got the vitus touch ♪
♪ I feel the heat inside me ♪
♪ It's not enough ♪
♪ But it's a little too much ♪
♪ There's something out there ♪
♪ I can hear it calling ♪
♪ I wanna hold it ♪
♪ But I'm movin' too fast ♪
♪ Where's the fire? ♪
♪ Everybody's always asking me ♪
♪ Where is it, baby? ♪
♪ Doesn't anybody know? ♪
♪ Where's the fire? ♪
♪ It's burnin' up inside of me ♪
♪ Where is it, baby? ♪
♪ Open up the door
and let me go ♪
♪ I got a method
to this madness ♪
♪ I learned it on the street ♪
♪ There's someone
right behind me ♪
♪ He's grabbin' at your feet ♪
♪ I got no time for talkin' ♪
♪ I've got no time to kill ♪
♪ Some say I'm goin' nowhere ♪
♪ But it's better
than standin' still ♪
♪ There's somethin' out there ♪
♪ I can feel it, baby ♪
♪ It's gettin' closer ♪
♪ But I'm movin' away ♪
♪ Where's the fire? ♪
♪ Everybody's always askin' me ♪
♪ Where is it, baby? ♪
♪ Doesn't anybody know? ♪
♪ Where's the fire? ♪
♪ It's burnin' up inside of me ♪
♪ Where is it, baby? ♪
♪ Open up the door
and watch me go ♪
♪ Don't take a lot
to keep me movin' ♪
♪ It's gonna take
a lot to make me stop ♪
♪ I feel the heat inside me ♪
♪ Should slow down
but I just can't stop ♪
♪ There's somethin' out there ♪
♪ I can hear it callin' ♪
♪ I wanna hold it ♪
♪ But I'm movin' too fast ♪
♪ Where's the fire? ♪
♪ Everybody's always askin' me ♪
♪ Where is it, baby? ♪
♪ Doesn't anybody know? ♪
♪ Where's the fire? ♪
♪ It's burnin' up inside of me ♪
♪ Where is it, baby? ♪
♪ Doesn't anybody know? ♪
♪ Where's the fire? ♪
♪ Everybody's always askin' me ♪
♪ Where is it, baby? ♪
♪ Doesn't anybody know? ♪
♪ Where's the fire? ♪
♪ It's burnin' up inside of me ♪
♪ Where is it, baby? ♪
♪ Open up the door ♪
♪ And let me go ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org